README.md, before:

# Group Project: Chip v. Chap (Marco v. Craig)

This is Team 26's group project for SWEN225 2022.

## Installation 

Clone the repo to your machine.

```bash
git clone ......
```

## Usage

To run our program, run the main class from *nz.ac.vuw.ecs.swen225.gp22.app.Main* (Requires JAVA 17).

## Controls and Gameplay
In this game, you control a character (Marco) and guide him through levels. You will come across gold treasures which all need to be picked up in order to proceed in-game. Coloured keys are present in the levels, which need to be picked up in order to unlock the corresponding doors. Watch out for Craig! If he walks onto a tile occupied by your character, the level will reset. Reach the exits to win the game.

Arrow keys: control your character (re-bindable in GUI)

Control + S: save the game

## Team Members

| **Module**  	| **Member Name** 	| **GitLab User** 	|
|-------------	|-----------------	|-----------------	|
| Persistency 	| Luke Gulliver   	| @gullivluke     	|
| Recorder    	| Milan Kriletich 	| @kriletmila     	|
| App         	| Calvin Li       	| @licalv         	|
| Renderer    	| Jack Grunfeld   	| @grunfejack     	|
| Domain      	| Leo Gaynor      	| @gaynorleo      	|
| Fuzz        	| Ilya Mashkov    	| @mashkoilya     	|

## License
no clue lmao

Commit message:

Replay tutorial in read me

README.md, after:

# Group Project: Chip v. Chap (Marco v. Craig)

This is Team 26's group project for SWEN225 2022.

## Installation 

Clone the repo to your machine.

```bash
git clone ......
```

## Usage

To run our program, run the main class from *nz.ac.vuw.ecs.swen225.gp22.app.Main* (Requires JAVA 17).

## Controls and Gameplay
In this game, you control a character (Marco) and guide him through levels. You will come across gold treasures which all need to be picked up in order to proceed in-game. Coloured keys are present in the levels, which need to be picked up in order to unlock the corresponding doors. Watch out for Craig! If he walks onto a tile occupied by your character, the level will reset. Reach the exits to win the game.

Arrow keys: control your character (re-bindable in GUI)

Control + S: save the game

## Replay Functions
To save a replay you must complete a game, once completed there will be a button to save replay.
To load a replay from the main menu either select "Replay" button for automatic replay or Play by Play
for a Play by play Replay. For a play by play replay the right arrow key will advance the game 1/20th of a second so holding down the button will play through the game at a good speed, but to go slowley simply tap the right arrow key button.
(the play by play may look as though its not moving as its only advancing 1/20 of a second but just keep tapping and you will be away !). In a automatic Replay you will have a check box at the top to increase replay speed to 2x and toggle it off to go back to normal speed.

Games can only be saved when you have completed a game.


## Team Members

| **Module**  	| **Member Name** 	| **GitLab User** 	|
|-------------	|-----------------	|-----------------	|
| Persistency 	| Luke Gulliver   	| @gullivluke     	|
| Recorder    	| Milan Kriletich 	| @kriletmila     	|
| App         	| Calvin Li       	| @licalv         	|
| Renderer    	| Jack Grunfeld   	| @grunfejack     	|
| Domain      	| Leo Gaynor      	| @gaynorleo      	|
| Fuzz        	| Ilya Mashkov    	| @mashkoilya     	|

## License
no clue lmao
